Remember,
please hit like and subscribe for me.
Thank you so much. Okay, let's go. Hi
everyone. Today's Wednesday, January the
21st. My name is Anie Band and this is
the Moneyball morning report for the
Benziga Pro platform. What we are
looking at is uh downward flow. We've
broken supports.
Uh
our trend spider charts are really good
at showing us where our alerts went off.
I have removed those alerts but left the
lines so that you know they were alert
breaks. The VWAP is up here at 694
in this E- mini S&P chart. this area
yesterday that we had into the close big
selling orders, thousand lots, 500 lots
over and over and over again and then
into the GlobeEx open where we had the
same thing happen. Now, we held that low
all through the night
and just broke it. And we did not break
it with a tremendous amount of volume,
but we have seen
several 200 lots, a 500 lot or so in the
selling pressure moving down here. So,
what do we want to expect? Well, we want
to expect that the they're actually
shaking out the weak hands that have
decided to go long or the weak hands
that have decided to go short, right?
They're shaking the tree right here at
this ledge. So, what do we want to do as
buyers? We want to see 6822
hold. If we're sellers, we want to see
it fail. But in the midst they're going
to battle, right? And so what we have to
look for is how far can we bounce before
the next big order opens up. And my
thought is
the support floor is 12 points away. So
here's the thing.
I've got the alert here, right?
for being above 6834
puts us in the box at 68.50
up to 68.50. As long as we're below
6850,
we're going to be selling is my thought.
Doesn't mean that bounces will not be
there for us to sell. Notice the trend
events here is a bounce that sold
and another bounce that sold. Okay, big
big moves from the downside pressure.
So, what do we have? Uh, looking at
here, we've got the recovery of this
area. If it were me, I would say, hey,
this looks like a pretty good buy zone.
See if we can get a reflexive buy first
into 6829 and then 6835. If it can't
hold this zone,
we know we've got downward more downward
flow. And the port wall is at 6,800.
The daily minimum
low, the the max low calculated
is a 6760. We'll put an alert there, but
we'll just have a look at it. It is
sell the bounce. That is the formation
that we are in. doesn't mean that you
can't buy the bounce, but you better be
careful about where you enter and where
you exit. Okay, so that being said,
we're now we're looking at the NQ. Same
sort of thing, right? Let's go to 4 hour
and take a take a look. It's coming to
the bottom of the range put wall or the
zero DTE and the call wall very close to
each other here near 25,000.
The zerodt put wall is 25,025.
The the big put wall is at 25,000.
That's generally our floor. Same sort of
selling pressure coming in the NQ.
This was, look at this intraday bounce.
What a monster, right? And then it still
collapsed. We had a really nice short
trigger at 25,396.
I'm going to remove the alert, but you
know, it's a line that has been
triggered, right?
Because it's red right there. Now, what
are we staring down today? Value area
low. Again,
that should be the number that the
buyers need to get through in order for
buying to become more stable. So far not
not going to look at at that particular
thing as the be all end all. It could
reflexively give us another one like
this. this sharp upward flow. But for
now, I expect buyers here at this edge.
Just like in the ES, very close to the P
walls should bring buyers. First line in
the sand going to be 25,125
or so,
right? 25,100.
I I like the congestion area as the
target. So 25,118
25,120
something like that. If it breaks there,
it's going to be back in this
accumulation zone,
right?
So we want to we want to be careful.
We want to be careful about that. But
that's the bounce zone right there. What
could we do? Big money continues to
hedge. They continue to put uh uh create
downside pressure risk and uh price
action just looks very very messy.
They are retracing. So don't sell the
lows on anything. Uh don't buy the
highs. Um just watch for support to hold
and try the reflexive moves. Right?
They're big giant ranges that inevitably
fail. And that's what we're seeing. All
of these patterns are giving us this
broad breakdown formation, right, that
that we're watching. So that's what
we're staring out. If we break 25,000,
not not sure that we will, but if we do,
today is the do or die for the buyers in
my mind. If we break 25,000, 24,800 is
the next line in the sand.
Uh let's jump to Bitcoin. Let's
look at the 4 hour. Now, remember what I
said about this measured move? I said,
"Hey, listen. Here we are. It's got to
hold here. If not, it's going to break
down and come back into the lower
edges." And that is exactly what we're
seeing. Remember, a lot of people are
thinking this is the Greenland effect.
This is a currency situation with a
carry trade that's seizing liquidity.
So when liquidity leaves the market,
prices fall. It just is the way it is.
All right? And so this responds to
liquidity very much because I believe
this is a risk on uh instrument to trade
Bitcoin. And so that's what we're
staring down. First test of 87,700
just got hit. Now we're going back into
this heavy congestion. A lot of demand
under here. Don't really expect it to
break down there, but I wouldn't be
unsurprised to see it test value area
low. And that's 86,000
800 or so. Right.
So that's what we want to look at.
We did have
the break of 91,000
as I mentioned. Hey, listen. They're
going to try and buy this one up. They
did. Couldn't get back up over 92. So,
the breakdown there has given us
this red line at 90,000. Recapturing it
is going to be good for buyers.
Uh the failure to recapture, not so good
for the buyers. The VWAP here is at this
90,700.
It's got to get back above 90,000 or
it's headed back to 86. And if we do a
measured move,
the base of the demand zone
looks like the halfway point
right around here at 84,000. And then
the base of this area is 82.
Put wall still at 80,000. Call wall
still at 94,000.
All right, let's take a look at that
gas.
Been trading that.
Why have you been trading that? Oh, cuz
it's moving straight up. Now we've got
our first line of resistance.
That's 343
for this uh instrument.
I am going to cover here. Could it move
all the way up here? Yes. But uh I I'm
not going to go after that one. I am
going to put an alert here above 347.
Actually, I only care if it breaks
through.
Going to put it on 347 and see uh if we
move there. My suspicion is that it
comes down and builds some sort of
inventory event, maybe even
uh the good old head and shoulders
pattern that comes back down into the
zone and then moves up one more time.
The extreme cold always does this to the
NAT gas futures. All right, we've done
Bitcoin. Let's go to oil.
Oil is uh oil is moving along. Here's
here's what I said yesterday.
My thought was that if we got above
6040, it would be a breakout zone, but
it wasn't. So, what is the story board
here? The story board is the following.
If it breaks above a level and
immediately fades, it must recapture
that level or the premise is wrong. All
right. So, this I believe is the same
sort of thing. I I still believe that
there's a long above the $60.40.
It's uh it's broken through, but I
expect a retest. So, going to wait for
the retest, see if it holds, and then
the long. There is a low here at 5870
has not been triggered, but
it could uh I value area low in Man, can
you guys tell that my brain is on
standby, man? Value area low 5950. I'm
going to put an alert there.
take a peek at how this one functions.
If it breaks through and then retests,
we've got ourselves uh a pretty nice
trade. As for now, the break above
$60.40
leads us into the first supply zone,
which is 61, and then the second supply
zone at 62. Okay. So, that being said,
that's
uh that's what we're staring down.
Could we fall right back into this
range? Yes. Just be careful. I think
this is a breakout zone, but yesterday
it was a fail zone or short. And so, we
got to think about, hey, maybe it's one
of these again, right? If you take the
breakout and it does not continue or
pulls back and breaks below your
breakout candle, you know something's
wrong. Clip. Don't stay in the trade.
All right, let's take a look at gold.
Oh, shucks.
Let's take a look at silver.
All right. What is silver doing? It's
coming in a little bit. It's very
compressed. Let's take a look at the
4-hour candlestick formations. And let's
let's remove all these annotations.
Okay, 4our candlestick formation shows
price action extremely rangebound.
Right? Sometimes we can look at this and
go, hey, if it breaks the trend by time
and not price, meaning it's holding the
floor but not breaking a new ceiling, it
usually moves in the direction of trend.
Call wall up here at 100.
Put wall down here at 78.
Could this be where it's going?
Potentially. But see if it can't get up
over this 9520
it's having a problem. And remember the
breakout when we see breakouts or
breakdowns in silver usually these
metals they will break out
run all the stops and then break down.
Now they can break down and then recover
but these first breaks are always fakes,
right? They're fakes. I can't say
always. Most of the time they are fakes.
So what are we staring down? Higher
lows. Demand zone 93.
If it loses that edge, we go to the base
of support,
which upon recovery could give us a
pretty nice buy zone. But my suspicion
is we've got a do or die here at about
93.
above buyers below sellers.
What do we have here? 9220. That's the
base of this formation. And then the
zerodt put wall is at 9130.
And then value area low is here at 90
which includes a gap. Notice where the
traders are battling. See this 30-inut
open from several days ago. They battled
here. Resistance, support, resistance,
support, resistance, support, support,
support, resistance, support.
I'd venture to say they're coming right
back there. Right. I' I'd venture to say
that if they get in then we'll have to
look at
I think we'll have to look at Fibonacci,
right? If they get into that uh space
and that gives us oopsie that gives us
um 50% marker at $92.15
which is right about where we're sitting
right in terms of that ledge.
We'll create uh
yeah, we can't shift that one. So, we
can create a line here at this fib
and choose the breakthrough
for fib level, right? But my suspicion
is it is going to come down into these
ranges. This is very heavy accumulation.
They're going to shake the tree and then
very likely turn around. All right,
let's take a look at gold.
Gold looks pretty different, doesn't it?
It looks really different.
It's in a breakout formation. It's
holding its edges. Let's remove all the
annotations. See what we're seeing. So,
we had
inventory accumulation,
distribution up this way, another area
of accumulation,
and it's been in distribution all night
up at these levels.
Is it finally getting to a topping
event? Looks like it.
You've got some
new pockets of supply showing up. So,
the break above
Okay, the call wall is at 5,000. The put
wall is at 4470.
So the break above this is the retest.
Remember the breakout is always uh you
can never say always. It's often a fake
that comes back, holds support and then
breaks again. Okay, so we want to watch
for the break of 4,900.
and then see how
it holds. My thought is the breakout and
then the pullback. It's also a fair buy
zone
right around this 4836 area. I know
that's really far away from where we are
right now, but that's the best I've got
for a good trade. We've got a range that
is really
troublesome,
right? We gota we got to watch out.
Sorry I say right so much. We're going
to leave this alert. We're going to
leave this line right here. We'll put an
alert.
See if it does anything
right here. Okay.
All right. Let's take a look at spy.
SPY
broke down,
moved
all the way into the supply zone to the
top of it and then faded on the close.
It's breaking down. We are underneath
the pull wall which is 680
cyclical 4 hour and let's
do ourselves a favor and remove all
these annotations. Okay. So, what we are
seeing is the zero DTE
uh put wall at 675. We're seeing a few
buyers around here. Some wicks starting
to show up, but it is a pretty bearish
zone in general.
Getting above 680 is going to be very
important for the buyers.
So, we're going to put an alert right
there, right at that foot wall.
above 680. The buyers are going to try
and force us back into
the top of supply which is 685
and then you know the continuation of
this gap which is such a mess. This is
such a messy chart. Holy smokes.
We are in clear distribution.
A lot of demand underneath, right?
Lot of demand underneath. But the next
line in the sand
is 670.
Oops.
So, we'll put an alert there. 670.
My suspicion is that
we really are just taking some steam out
of the market.
Let me just compare
what the RTY
Okay, it uh pulled down, bounced. Notice
it's doesn't look like the ES and the
NQ. So, they are running for cover in
here, trying to have more of that. But
eventually if price action fades and
it's a real fade, everything breaks down
together. So the YM
is kind of following suit with the ES
and the NQ. Now we lost the 49,000
and now here we are at value area low on
the 4 hour. That's 48,600.
I suspect the traders are going to try
and hold this area. 48,500.
It It feels like a do or die zone for
these guys and gals. And so what we want
to look for is a bounce that pulls back
and gives us a higher low. It tells us
rotation is here and we close above that
zone or we bounce and we hit lower and
then that sends us into this area of
accumulation.
Hard hard to say but
you know this is what we're seeing just
out of curiosity.
Netflix breaking down. Very interesting.
All right. So, they reported I'm pretty
sure that um
I I'm pretty sure that that will
eventually get bought up, but really
happy not to be playing that side of the
fence. All right, everyone. Take care.
I'll see you on the streams.